feat(Performance): Add time to initial display and time to full display spans (#6336)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/common/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation.mdx

### Time to full display

_(New in version 6.14.0)_

Time to full display provides insight into how long your Activities take to launch and load all of their content, by adding a span for each launch of an Activity. The SDK sets the span operation to `ui.load.full-display` and the span description to the Activity's name followed by `full display`, for example, `MainActivity full display`.

The span starts when each Activity is launched. That is, the application launch for the first Activity, and the `onPause` method of the previous Activity for each subsequent Activity launched.

_Time to full display is disabled by default, but you may enable it by setting:_

```xml {filename:AndroidManifest.xml}
<application>
    <meta-data android:name="io.sentry.traces.time-to-full-display.enable" android:value="true" />
</application>
```

_The span has to be finished manually, by using:_

```java
import io.sentry.Sentry;

Sentry.reportFullDisplayed();
```

```kotlin
import io.sentry.Sentry

Sentry.reportFullDisplayed()
```

> Time to initial display depends on having an active transaction bound to the scope, and ideally it'd be used along with [Android's Activity Instrumentation](/platforms/android/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#androids-activity-instrumentation), which starts a transaction and binds it to the scope automatically.
> The span `status` is set to `SpanStatus.OK` if it's finished through the API. If the span isn't finished after 30 seconds it gets automatically finished by the SDK and its `status` is set to `SpanStatus.DEADLINE_EXCEEDED`.
> If the span is finished before the Activity's is first drawn and displayed as measured by the `Time to initial display`, the reported time here will be shifted to the `Time to initial display` measured time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time to initial display is dependent on having an active transaction bound to the scope. Ideally, it should be used along with [Android's Activity Instrumentation](/platforms/android/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#androids-activity-instrumentation), which starts a transaction and binds it to the scope automatically. 

If the span finishes through the API, its `status` is set to `SpanStatus.OK`. If the span doesn't finish after 30 seconds, it is finished by the SDK automatically, and its `status` is set to `SpanStatus.DEADLINE_EXCEEDED`.
If the span finishes before the Activity is first drawn and displayed as measured by the `Time to initial display`, the reported time will be shifted to `Time to initial display` measured time.
```
